README.md, before:

Complete documentation is available at https://github.com/LHCgreg/dbsc/wiki

dbsc (DataBase Source Control) is a command line tool for helping you create, recreate, and update your database. It works by running a series of numbered SQL scripts that you write, giving you access to the full power of SQL. It keeps track of what revision the database is on, allowing you to easily get your changes to the rest of your team and deploy updates to QA and production.

When creating or updating a database, dbsc allows you to import data from another database. When the database being created or updated reaches the revision that the other database is on, dbsc will clear the tables in the database being created or updated and import data for all tables from the other database. This makes it a snap to bring in test data.

Check out the [tutorial](https://github.com/LHCGreg/dbsc/wiki/Tutorial) to learn how to use dbsc.

dbsc comes in different flavors for different database engines. dbsc currently supports

* PostgreSQL (pgdbsc)
* Microsoft SQL Server (msdbsc)
* MySQL (mydbsc)
* MongoDB (mongodbsc)

dbsc runs on Windows and (except for msdbsc) Linux and Mac OS X using Mono.

There are .exe installers and .zip archives on the [releases](https://github.com/LHCGreg/dbsc/releases) page. The .exe installers will install the given flavor of dbsc along with anything it needs to run and will add the installed version of dbsc to your PATH environment variable. This is the recommended way of installing in Windows.

Packages for Debian and Debian-based Linux distributions (such as Ubuntu) are available. Currently only pgdbsc is available. Packages for the other flavors are coming soon.

```
wget -O - http://apt.dbsourcecontrol.org/keys/gregnajda@gmail.com.gpg.key | sudo apt-key add -
echo 'deb http://apt.dbsourcecontrol.org dbsc main' | sudo tee /etc/apt/sources.list.d/dbsc.list
sudo apt-get update
sudo apt-get install pgdbsc
```

On other Linux distributions and Unix systems and Mac OS X you can download a .zip from the [releases](https://github.com/LHCGreg/dbsc/releases) page. You will need to have mono installed and run "mono <path to dbsc> <command line arguments>" or make a shell script to do that for you.

You can get the available command-line options with

`pgdbsc -h`

or

`msdbsc -h`

or

`mydbsc -h`

or

`mongodbsc -h`

depending on which flavor you are using.

# Changelog

### msdbsc 2.1.0
* When using -importTableList to import data for only certain tables, don't clear tables that are not being imported.

### pgdbsc 2.1.0
* When using -importTableList to import data for only certain tables, don't clear tables that are not being imported.

### mydbsc 2.1.0
* When using -importTableList to import data for only certain tables, don't clear tables that are not being imported.

### mongodbsc 2.1.0
* When using -importTableList to import data for only certain tables, don't clear tables that are not being imported.

Commit message:

Update with mydbsc apt-get instructions

README.md, after:

Complete documentation is available at https://github.com/LHCgreg/dbsc/wiki

dbsc (DataBase Source Control) is a command line tool for helping you create, recreate, and update your database. It works by running a series of numbered SQL scripts that you write, giving you access to the full power of SQL. It keeps track of what revision the database is on, allowing you to easily get your changes to the rest of your team and deploy updates to QA and production.

When creating or updating a database, dbsc allows you to import data from another database. When the database being created or updated reaches the revision that the other database is on, dbsc will clear the tables in the database being created or updated and import data for all tables from the other database. This makes it a snap to bring in test data.

Check out the [tutorial](https://github.com/LHCGreg/dbsc/wiki/Tutorial) to learn how to use dbsc.

dbsc comes in different flavors for different database engines. dbsc currently supports

* PostgreSQL (pgdbsc)
* Microsoft SQL Server (msdbsc)
* MySQL (mydbsc)
* MongoDB (mongodbsc)

dbsc runs on Windows and (except for msdbsc) Linux and Mac OS X using Mono.

There are .exe installers and .zip archives on the [releases](https://github.com/LHCGreg/dbsc/releases) page. The .exe installers will install the given flavor of dbsc along with anything it needs to run and will add the installed version of dbsc to your PATH environment variable. This is the recommended way of installing in Windows.

Packages for Debian and Debian-based Linux distributions (such as Ubuntu) are available. Currently pgdbsc and mydbsc are available. A package for mongodbsc is coming soon.

```
wget -O - http://apt.dbsourcecontrol.org/keys/gregnajda@gmail.com.gpg.key | sudo apt-key add -
echo 'deb http://apt.dbsourcecontrol.org dbsc main' | sudo tee /etc/apt/sources.list.d/dbsc.list
sudo apt-get update
sudo apt-get install pgdbsc
# for the PostgreSQL version
# or sudo apt-get install mydbsc for the MySQL version
```

On other Linux distributions and Unix systems and Mac OS X you can download a .zip from the [releases](https://github.com/LHCGreg/dbsc/releases) page. You will need to have mono installed and run "mono <path to dbsc> <command line arguments>" or make a shell script to do that for you.

You can get the available command-line options with

`pgdbsc -h`

or

`msdbsc -h`

or

`mydbsc -h`

or

`mongodbsc -h`

depending on which flavor you are using.

# Changelog

### msdbsc 2.1.0
* When using -importTableList to import data for only certain tables, don't clear tables that are not being imported.

### pgdbsc 2.1.0
* When using -importTableList to import data for only certain tables, don't clear tables that are not being imported.

### mydbsc 2.1.0
* When using -importTableList to import data for only certain tables, don't clear tables that are not being imported.

### mongodbsc 2.1.0
* When using -importTableList to import data for only certain tables, don't clear tables that are not being imported.
